content added (#2315)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/collector-faq.md

#### Answer

Sumo Logic does not support the deletion of specific log messages. You can either delete the entire data ingested in a given time range and index or choose to hide the specific log message. Following is a explanation of these techniques:

> - To request data deletion from your account, you can send a request to [Sumo Logic Support](mailto:support@sumologic.com) through your account administrator. We will be able to delete all data within the specified time range for particular views/partitions that you have set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To request data deletion from your account, you can send a request to [Sumo Logic Support](https://support.sumologic.com/hc/en-us) through your account administrator. We will be able to delete all data within the specified time range for particular views/partitions that you have set up.
```

#### Answer

> It is not possible for users to delete specific message data already ingested into Sumo Logic. But Sumo Logic provides two mechanisms for data deletion, with which you can hide the data instead of deleting it when users search for the same.

Reviewer 2: Sumo Logic does not support deletion of specific log messages. You can either hide specific log messages or choose to delete the entire data ingested in a given time range & index.

> - You may request data deletion from your account. If you have Views and Partitions set up, Sumo Logic can delete data from that specific View or Partition. Otherwise, the deletion will cover ALL data delivered into the account within a specified time range. Any request for data deletion should be sent to Sumo Logic Support through your account administrator.

Reviewer 2: To request data deletion from your account, you can send a request to Sumo Logic Support through your account administrator.  We will be able to delete all data within the specified time range for particular views/partitions that you have setup.

> - An alternative to deleting your message data is to create Role filters that will hide the unwanted data so it is not searchable within the account. To do this, you can apply a role filter query string matching this data to the user roles for whom the unwanted data should not be visible.

Reviewer 2: - If you do not want to delete all the data in the specified time range, an alternative is hiding the selective messages. You can achieve this by one of the 2 available ways: 
1. Create Role filters that will hide the unwanted data so it is not searchable within the account. To do this, you can apply a role filter query string matching this data to the user roles for whom the unwanted data should not be visible.
2. You can reach out to Sumo Logic Support through your account administrator who can help in applying a filter across your account so that all users in your organization are not able access the unwanted logs.

> :::note

Reviewer 2: As I have reworded the content above, we can remove this note now.
